Instructions:

Hi! We are a team at MIT studying the different effects of audio on sleep! We have designed a few experiences for you to test. We recommend listening
to them with wireless speakers at a comfortable, relaxing volume you can hear neatly. Make sure to test the connection between your smartphone
and the speakers. If you prefer to use earphones that is okay although they may discomfort your ears and interfere with your sleep.

You will also need ensure your phone, activity monitor and wireless speakers have sufficient battery to last you some time after you get in bed.
Plan to charge your devices ahead of time so that charging does not interfere with your typical bedtime or sleeping position. We will also recommend you
place your phone in Sleep Mode or Do Not Disturb, plan around this if you decide to.

Before you begin, please follow your nightly routine just like you would immediately before bed on a typical night. For example, brush your teeth,
get into comfortable clothes, drink a glass of water, close the curtains.

When you are ready to try to fall asleep place your phone in Sleep or Do Not Disturb mode, lower the brightness and then navigate to the home page in
provided link for that night. Set the phone flat in bed somewhere comfortable near your right hand and place it horizontally, so your index finger
matches the side marked "lower" and your middle finger the side marked "higher".

Click anywhere on the screen, one of two audio experiences should begin. 

In one you're going to hear ambient music followed by two tones.

If the second tone has a higher pitch than the first then double-tap “higher” on the right side.
If the second tone is lower than the first then double-tap “lower” on the left side.

If you’re correct you’ll hear a high-pitch bell confirming.
If you’re wrong you’ll hear a low-pitch bell confirming.

You'll get the hang of it.

In another you're going to hear white noise whose volume will gradually drop in volume after a few minutes, double-tap if you want to restore the volume.

You'll also get the hang of it.

Email us [here] if you have any questions.

